[EDU-3821] [EDU-3809] refactor: adjust links (#659)
aziontech/docs: src/content/docs/en/pages/guides/marketplace/integrations/jwt.mdx

## Setting up the Edge Firewall Rules Engine

> To finish, you have to set up the [Rules Engine](/en/documentation/products/build/edge-application/rules-engine/) in order to configure the behavior and the criteria to run the JWT.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To finish, you have to set up the [Rules Engine](/en/documentation/products/secure/edge-firewall/rules-engine/) to configure the behavior and the criteria to run the JWT.
```
